10.16.0.41 (#107)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-16-0/devices-10-16-0-bundle/10-16-0-0.md

<td>DM-1565</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>
<td>Fixed an issue where users could not find a location on the map based on the address they entered.</td>
<td>MTM-49644</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>

> <td>In case of many active alarms of different severities, in the "Active critical alarms" widget users might have needed to press the <b>Load more</b> button several times on an empty list in order to see their active critical alarms. This is now fixed - the widget always initially shows active critical alarms if available and the<b>Load more</b> button does not load empty pages.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>In case of many active alarms of different severities, in the "Active critical alarms" widget users might have needed to press the <b>Load more</b> button several times on an empty list in order to see their active critical alarms. This is now fixed - the widget always initially shows active critical alarms if available and the <b>Load more</b> button does not load empty pages.</td>
```

DM-1474</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>

> - The LWM2M agent always retrieved the external decoder events from one month back only. So if an event remained unprocessed over a month, then it wasn’t processed anymore. The time period is now configurable from the agent’s configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The LWM2M agent always retrieved the external decoder events from one month back only. So if an event remained unprocessed over a month, then it wasn't processed anymore. The time period is now configurable from the agent's configuration.
```

DM-822</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>OPC UA</td>

> <td>Due to a change introduced in 10.14, the opcua-device-gateway on OPC UA server connects or reconnects did a full device type matching with a comparison of device types to the server's address space to find matched nodes and the application of these matched nodes. With this fix, the opcua-device-gateway directly applies the matched nodes settings if there was a matching done previously and no more recent updates to the device types were done.</td>

Reviewer: "the opcua-device-gateway on OPC UA server" --> this misses an article for me. What do you think @BeateRixen?

Author: It says "OPC UA server connects or reconnects". This is one term, connects/reconnects are not verbs. It is a bit hard to read but correct I would say.

Reviewer: Ok, thanks for clarifying.
